well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
government assistance and the stigma and
advice that often goes along with it
that advice is coming from people who
are in a better position and of course
it's well-meaning maybe sometimes maybe
not maybe it's just a way to feel better
about ourselves because it's always from
coming for somebody just a little better
off we've all heard that advice may be
given it you know you should have just
planned better you should have got a
more valuable education an in-demand
field that's what you should have done
you know there's always some kind of
work out there to be done just go find
it turn in an application you know you
should have got a more valuable job this
wouldn't have happened you know if
you've been more productive
you wouldn't got laid off you're
able-bodied
don't you join the army just make bad
life decisions
I think we've all heard it many have
said it and I'm willing to bet that
everybody who said it is going to cash
their $1200 government assistance check
when it comes is there any of this
advice that doesn't apply to us couldn't
we have all planned a little bit better
maybe we should have got a more valuable
education been nurses there needed a
more essential job
the funny part being at jobs everybody
was talking about being valuable they're
all at home right now yeah it could all
be said to us this isn't government
assistance this is a stimulus check it's
just there to get me through and
stimulate the economy yeah like snap
food stamps that's what that does
same thing same thing no no no see this
is different this is no fault of my own
you know this is because there's a
crisis yeah there's a lot of crisis in
this country you know you've got poverty
education lack of opportunities oh
there's a whole bunch of crisis as tuns
giant list the thing is those crisis is
they tend to just affect those people
down there on the bottom and since
they're not big enough to affect the
bottom line of those in power
well they don't get as much airtime and
since they don't get as much airtime and
they aren't explained we don't have to
be understanding about those people
those others right
I'm not saying don't cash the tap that
check definitely go cash the check okay
it's your money go cash it what I'm
saying is don't kick down those in a
worse position than you are never the
source of your problems somebody with
less money less power and less influence
is not your the source of anything going
wrong in your life that's just what
those up top have trained us to believe
we need somebody look down on and blame
definitely go cash this check what I'm
saying is don't kick down the source of
your problems do not emanate from
Section eight housing they emanate from
those people in DC we need to
distinguish government assistance
because we're all about to be on it
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night